---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "adoservicehooks_subscription Resource - adoservicehooks"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# adoservicehooks_subscription (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `consumer_action_id` (String) The action the consumer will perform, typically representing the type of request, such as an HTTP request.
- `consumer_id` (String) Identifies the consumer of the webhook. For example, 'webHooks' to indicate that a webhook will be triggered.
- `event_type` (String) The type of event that triggers the webhook, such as 'git.push' for a Git push event.
- `publisher_id` (String) The ID of the publisher that initiates the event (e.g., 'tfs' for Azure DevOps or Team Foundation Server).

### Optional

- `consumer_inputs` (Attributes) Inputs that are required by the consumer action, such as URL, authentication, and headers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--consumer_inputs))
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the webhook subscription. This is usually computed by the system.
- `publisher_inputs` (Attributes) Details about the publisher and the specific resources related to the event. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--publisher_inputs))
- `resource_version` (String) The version of the resource triggering the webhook event, typically set to '1.0' or another version string.
- `scope` (Number) Defines the scope of the webhook event. This is often an integer representing a specific scope or context.

<a id="nestedatt--consumer_inputs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `consumer_inputs`

Optional:

- `basic_auth_password` (String, Sensitive) The password for basic HTTP authentication when invoking the webhook. Marked as sensitive to prevent exposure in logs.
- `basic_auth_username` (String) The username for basic HTTP authentication when invoking the webhook.
- `detailed_messages_to_send` (String) Defines whether detailed messages should be sent to the webhook, usually 'none'.
- `http_headers` (String) A list of HTTP headers to include in the webhook request, formatted as a comma-separated string (e.g., 'Header1:Value1,Header2:Value2').
- `messages_to_send` (String) Defines which messages, if any, will be sent to the webhook. Typically 'none' to send no messages.
- `resource_details_to_send` (String) Specifies the level of resource detail that will be sent to the webhook (e.g., 'minimal' or 'detailed').
- `url` (String) The target URL for the webhook where the HTTP request will be sent.


<a id="nestedatt--publisher_inputs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `publisher_inputs`

Optional:

- `branch` (String) The branch in the repository where the event occurred.
- `project_id` (String) The unique ID of the project associated with the event.
- `pushed_by` (String) The user who pushed the changes in a Git push event.
- `repository` (String) The repository from which the event (such as a push) originates.
- `tfs_subscription_id` (String) The subscription ID from TFS or Azure DevOps that identifies this specific webhook subscription.
